FEAT: invalidated cached secret (#120)
arcus-azure/arcus.security: docs/features/secrets/general.md

Secret secret = await cachedSecretProvider.GetSecretAsync("EventGrid-AuthKey", ignoreCache: true);
```

> ## Invalidates a secret from the cach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Invalidates a secret from the cache
```

> In some scenarios you'd like to remove the entry from the cache, so the next the secret is retrieved, a new lookup will be done in the provider.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
In some scenarios you'd like to remove a cache entry so that the secret will be retrieved from the provider when a new lookup will be done.
```

This is useful for scenario's where the secret is updated and you need to tell the cache somehow.

```csharp

> await cachedSecretProvider.InvalidateSecretAsync("EventGrid-AuthKey");

Reviewer: `InvalidateSecretAsync` or `InvalidateAsync`? But I presume we have `GetSecretAsync`?

```suggestion
await cachedSecretProvider.InvalidateAsync("EventGrid-AuthKey");
```

Reviewer: It's `CachedSecretProvider.GetSecretAsync(string)` so it's ok.

Author: Yeah, that's why I added the `...Secret...`. part
